Because there are no DRM -free or clear advantages like GOG, I don't want to increase DRM.
The PC is a photo of the festival I took
I remember that the installation was a little troublesome
The UBI official store, STEAM, and the Epic store are probably sold in Japanese yen, so the price is about 3000 yen higher than the USD, so even if the discount rate is high.
I want to make a new ARK (DLC) ...
●● Z's Z is the same as UTC
I'm JK, is the stock price a Democratic Party?Daddy said that it was tripled from the anti -Japanese political party.
No, it's pretty serious, and I think it's a big influence of Japanese AV.
Hey anti -Nihonoro will be able to sleep forever
If this turtle continues to be serialized
The only thing that happened is the holo, terminals and documents.
Is that Santa actually Mourning Black Fukuso?
Is it WRC (World Rally Championship)?
It's often said, but it's harder to have NPCs.
If I thought it wasn't easy to come, I was out of stock about 4 hours ago #
Why are TEPCO and Toshiba people caught?
First of all, the fact that the DM still exists is strange.
Of course, there are a number of other things to consider: launching the Epic Store will give you a chance to be at the forefront of a store that can be the second largest on a PC.
These guys are lower than Aniota
Sparobo is an apprentice!
Households who are not good at having a smartphone will be in demand.
Maybe because of the photona effect
Isn't there too many quarrels in Mac?
Yanmaga's Wachi Minami was cute
Las Boss "I am the consensus of humanity"
The guys who say that low wages are fixed in immigrants are too bad.
It seems that DLsite and DMM are watching each other.
I bought it because it was a Valve game, it seemed difficult and it seems to be using it for time.
Related threads include 4, including EXP w
There are too many fake ads block apps!
2 seems to have been popular as a battle game?
High school student "Are you flu, go home?"
I don't know if I can set up like a joint party.
A convenience store that increases in national policy.
What are you doing now, even though most of the recent anime and dramas itself are convenient?
Recommended on 5ch
Hands are NSFW.
Life insurance is likely to be the lowest.
I used to install origin in the past, but I remember that the apde did not end endlessly
It used to be CD2WAV32 in the past, but when I was looking for Gracenote, it became QMP.
I am in trouble because I agree with the last boss if it is a consensus last boss vs. the main character
Lottery of a candy store ↓ Real gacha such as super car / kinnikuman's eraser ↓ Soshage gacha
It's a sober Apde
Company D, which is a place where the digit version is raised and the place where you are doing it, and the Oma DRM is rattled.
I understand the aim of Tamaki to make up for the lack of name recognition of the party, but if the general public likes the LDP, if the LDP is disliked, if you dislike the Liberal Democratic Party, you should vote for the opposition first party (constitutional Democratic Party).
Russian diplomacy is confirmed by red light
I feel that the development of a new liberal Takenaka, who claims on a standing or leaflets or systematically jointly with other students, includes a very essential problem.
As expected, it's a cola.
What does it mean that billing has relied on smartphone dependence?
If you update a new version of Aikatsu's sound game
Affi's main ball
Iran's demonstration is different from usual
The genealogy of alternative music is a poster like a beautiful "circuit board" ── The English Design Studio is produced
If you exceed Sinoaris, make a thread again
It seems that the advanced knowledge of anime was asked in the center exam
"Please do not buy high" President and praise President of the popular sake "Dassai" "I do not really want to advertise" directly.
The evidence of the product you bought on the net ... what would you do?You're broken again
I'm crazy about drinking a stroke and playing a pot
Just looking at Litera, the testimony and effort of various people are not extraordinary
The difference is that LIVE2D is treated as non -DLC
Incorrect "Emergency alarm" troubles occur to some smartphones. The Fire Department has not reached ASUS.Only Kanto people?
[Breaking news] A power word called "Alafor Angel" is registered as a trademark
[Breaking news] Anime was real
[Breaking news] Gegege's Kitaro's cat girl is updated again!(Baba Baba
Evolved sabage
It is Seko that the UI is not reflected in the explanation video and the screensho.
Ambassador Sasae pointed out before retirement
Give up and crush it with a goupan
The second Abe administration, which improved the poverty rate, was a normal increase and non -regular increase until 2013 and 2014?
Vegetables do not rise soaring, and Chinese cabbage is more than twice as much as normal??"The economy is good, it's proof that it has begun to break away."
Agreement on the coalition administration, the LDP is pushed back
I remembered the story of the article "Find an analog telephone line to connect to Paso -dori"
This instant food commercial is quite interesting
2.16 Large -scale demonstration
The name of "Gorgonzola cheese" will not be used except for Italian products in the future due to the economic collaboration agreement between Japan and the EU.
An ambiguous expression such as "Gorgonzola style" is also NG
[Emergency movie chat thread!!] Today is Star Wars / Last Jedi's release!
[History game] LDP "Special Metropolitan Committee to Restore Japan's Honor and Trust" To Held next week by accepting the comfort women in San Francisco - Sankei News
MS is very quick to see if you look at business
24 hours a day, 365 days a year, monthly income of 200,000 yen, sexual harassment is everyday.
It's a good thread.
2 and Majide are broken because they are spectacular moss
Such a character that was in Shimajiro
Why are people looking from above if they are yaf rice?
> You can see that the comments of Yafukome are not the reader's consensus.
Mizuho Gin's friend exceeded 10 million a year when 30
"Companies that respond to rumors of the Internet (group) wwwwww" are not the times.
At present, it is more correct to say the Bank of Japan Mix.
The idea of ​​solving it with horsepower like an American car
That's not the case if you're playing with your smartphone.
Does it make sense to make a thread?
Both Xeno 2 and Zelda should be cleared.
It seems to be around the Daft Punk PV
What I ordered at Amazon's Makeples was waiting for three days, and was unilaterally canceled without any contact from the other party.
German Fellow AFD, support rating SPD higher than the second place = public polls
DOCOMO's overseas Pakeho is 1980 yen for 24MB a day, unlimited 2980 yen
It is necessary to verify the BPO members.
Netouyo "Working and working w"
Nonarennea SE No BGM default
Magireko's rival, losing Magireko, now Yamcha Posi burns ...
Bald will heal when you eat Mac potatoes
There were few commercials
It seems to be in Ranobe
If Aso Caldera erupts, the whole Kyushu will be destroyed, so one or two of the nuclear power plants can be done.
What is bad is Abe's answer and Yomiuri report
Ikata Nuclear Power Plant operation deduction = "Pyroclastic flow, possibility of reach" -3 Temporary disposal / Hiroshima High Court
About "KanColle" seen from the retired person
Is there a term that the ship is stacked by the artist???
I think it's a clear popularity for Netouyo, rather than to individuals.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare aims to renew the image of a caregiver
Now you can buy a pot game for 20%off!!!!
When I saw it now, it was written as PWR instead of a breeder reactor.
The NESICA system has recently been thriving emu
Ignoring the Supreme Court ruling The Abe administration does not disclose "Secret Document"
After giving birth to a child, pack it in concrete and go to Mercari
YouTuber is loud during the match, the Australian OP to be sent off due to athletes
Child prostitution is tempting to the most common smartphone and games Niigata
Self -Defense Forces Public Relations Anime, High School Fleet finally became soshage !!!
I haven't forgiven Kanken yet
LDP San Francisco Comfort Women's Special Failure Committee "You should assert Japan in all situations with public and private sectors."
Reddit Question Thread & Chat Thread (Question & Discussion) - December, 2017
Prime Minister criticizes the Asahi article "I haven't left it"
Prime Minister, motivated to develop the Northern Territories issue "Future Eternal Return -san"
Popular voice actor Suzu Mimori and serious dating (East Sport WEB)
A man and a bra
Local people "How is it! It's good with the original taste of the ingredients !!"
I wonder why the media doesn't tell me what the difference between China, Russia and the United States and Japan is, even though there is one answer.
Postscript: Some of the white powder in front of the police officer
Testimony of sexual harassment and power harassment in the Dentsu era
Historical drought = Nuclear Cooling Water Insufficient
Earthquake in Peru, South America M7.3 • R/Quake_jp
I bought Beyo while saying that I bought too much
U.S. military, missile interception experiments failed Date New SM3 = US officials | Reuters
Professor Mochizuki Kyoto University
The Minister of Finance Aso will have the command of the Moritomo issue conducted = Secretary of Suga
This guy is always broken FF6
Is this a VR sound game?
This is a clever stemmer
I want you to ban sales of Windows 10 PCs with 4GB
I tried to draw nuclear power plants nationwide
It was an official dirt that has been blocked without authentication for a long time.
So the child -rearing generation should live on the net in the sun.
I'm doing Azulene after leaving the DMM
The fun of the sloppy, HP
The person who made a 90s -style replica PC with/r/battleStations is amazing
ADATA 480GB SSD 14,800 yen Mac mini Comfortable Mac mini I can't return to HDD
Complete ADSL in 2013 and order dark construction
What J Anison Regular Meeting in Cytube No, Ni -chan's J people and not Reddit J people
Netoge abolished people who appeared in Nehorinpahorin "Botler takes time and ultimately inefficient" TIL
I'm "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhededededingsements ...It's been ...
Even more, it's a deadly sin to take childcare leave
Momokuro said, "The most impressive thing was the four people who had the name of the five people, and they were happy to say," Linu, Kanako, bookmark, Sasaki, Ayaka. "
Is it finally revived on the MBS net?
After all it seems to be better to see G -chan
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag Free UBI
I had nothing to do, so if I looked up a lot about Tobita Shinchi, I was motivated that I had to go, but I'm scared to go alone.
If you think about it, 10 years ago, almost nobody had a smartphone, but now smartphones are a necessity.
It's famous like BW, but is it a mercenary for Japanese people?
Ikora doesn't progress.
Apple, plans to integrate the "iOS" and "Mac" app integration in 2018, or the OS that seems to be out of operation seems to be about 100 times different?1000 times?
Anime of the Year 2017 Blame, ACCA, Abyss and Kake are also liked by Fure and Jewelry.
Anime industry, "daytime" reversal time limit
It seems that Netoyo forces are expanding in the American Kemonor world, is it really the worst detective Killmin?
It would be interesting if Alibaba put out AI speakers
Alcohol is found to cause irreversible damage to the DNA of stem cells
The largest aircraft carrier in British history, to repair immediately after serving
Instagram 800,000
Is the flu's trend because of the "uncle who never rests even with a cold"?I think this is probably the case if you do not take a rest * unless you take a rest, you have to do both penalties.
I clicked on the turmeric supplement.
CV Noriko Hidaka
Girls channel "Unpleasant G image" large amount of posting, operation is legal measure to users
Garpan characters are all cute ...
Garpan's maxims and FX drawn with black tea, I feel that all the money is melted
Overseas skin care CM with women 0 to 100 years old
Kitty, collaborate with something ridiculous
Christmas Eve, everyone's girlfriend, summoning Mahosho!\\ phon/ Mahosho is my pet
The manga gold return that the gross scene was painted black and became unknown
Glow attention
Get FREEDOM I lied for the game, I'm doing Monhan now, but it's interesting
MOD to make DOOM a super NES -style medieval fantasy game, a large update notice trailer of GMOTA is open to the public.
1 BTC = 6,366.2 Purchase when it reaches USD 10USD
I wondered if it was a smartphone
The storage of the smartphone is finally 512GB, and Samsung is the world's first 512GB flash storage "512GB EUFS" to reduce the price.
Smartphone generation "Use the head for Roman conversion"
Even with smartphone input, Japan is Galapagos.God
The fact of the shock that the smartphone spread 10 years in the spread of "real relationships with friends dramatically"
Use flmask
Soshage ... Oh, oh ...
Is Dyson's EV, first release in Japan ahead of the world?
The reason why the TV stations are sluggish, but the number of drama slots is sluggish, but is the cat like a cat?
Digital camera recovery Instagram, business opportunity, increase shipments for the first time in 7 years ...
Digital mini comic "Zartan" # 11
Police are afraid of expanding the demonstration, and the picture is likely to say "Tokyo Nethajin! Bokeh!"
Turkish nuclear power expenses, double as expected
HTC NIPPON, 20,000 followers, I bought the U11 blue to release HTC U11 solar red with SIM ...
Reality that converts it
Internet voting begins
Nodame clarity or time attack is too much
Valentine's chocolate
I think it's hard as long as I quit (stop) the company with power harassment, so I can get a bill that can be paid for a lifetime from the company.
56 analog modem release corresponding to IP network landline
Number of users in the Bitcoin Exchange app No.1
Thread to make pyramids
Famima to enter the coin laundry service business
Famima is released limited quantity
Fake News "NHK" The name of the U.S. U.S. U.S. Former Chief Strategist, criticized at a conference "It must be a Japanese CNN" Netouyo "Bannon is an honorary Japanese!"
Because it's just an animation frame I'm expecting in Fuji
Pretty Cure defeats the last boss in 15 minutes and 50 seconds on average
The reason for professional shogi players
Installed in the United Kingdom, a vending machine that offers food for 24 hours a day
Pokemon Sapphire was the best
It seems that the anime of Pop Team Epic has begun
The mirror ranking starts with Magireko, but if you think about the ease of reward, it may be a D rank.
For those who are recorded at Mario RTA, we also have a National Honor Award
Regardless of whether it is a modelization request, I think that the frame should not be used as an administrative clerk, but should be opened as an event holding frame (I personally do not need a model request thread or a monthly chat thread.I think)
Modelation request thread, get out of Sticky
Monster Hamburger Woman "Please tie me" What are you doing?
Monhan fun
Monhan fun 4 frames
Monhan woman "Please tie me" That's right
Ripple drops continuously, can you dispel XRP token without XRP token in a partnership with moneygram?
Rainbow Six Siege in LLL!Scheduled to start around 9:30 ... It was a PC or ps4 ...
I'm sad because I liked Les Sir
Russia "World Cup Stadium has a cocaine, cannabis, and heroin
Abe -chan's official media
Abe Cabinet, 60 % of hereditary members' abnormalities ... In the past 15 years, the income of the people decreased 14 %, and the household with zero assets has not been meaningful because it has become a two -x Tokyo hereditary.
There are some voices of Nano (XRB) for about 20 billion yen (XRB), and there are many voices that are doubtful of the invalid leakage, and cryptocurrencies are full of dreams (stick reading).You can't imitate a real currency, steals 10 % of the issuance volume.
Litigation on comfort women, 2,557 plaintiffs in the Asahi Shimbun Tokyo High Court, which won the second instance, were appealing, of which 62 were appealing.62 people who have money
LLL marriage boom
Former Defense Minister Inada: "I have been 114 votes from the previous election, so I have finished the scandal and mischief, I will do my best for the constitutional amendment!" Baseball is a giant! TV is NHK! The election is a LDP! Gahaha!
About "KanColle" seen from the retired person
British child
Because the mod is incompetent
Okinawa Prefectural Police "The number of crackdowns increases"
I will make a thread!
It seems that my smartphone was infected with the virus
Black environment for caregivers ... 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, monthly income of 200,000 yen, sexual harassment is everyday.
I don't think some copyright characters DLC can be used overseas
I'm sorry from foreign countries, but why is the tweet from the opposition side related to the Moritomo problem always covered with professional patriotism?
Foreign technical training "Convenience stores", to industry application
Introducing the Foreign Minister's exclusive aircraft = Mr. Kono "Wait for the airport at night, cannot withstand"
Will club activities be gone from school?
Official residence opened "Instagram"
Two basic characters are inserted and output in between them.
Basic play free shooter "Fort Night Battle Royal" Japanese version is distributed and wilderness behavior is easy with smartphone
JK sitting next to the train on the way home
Miyamoto Musashi Musashi Dynasty Game
Salary is dancing
Kyoto University research
Communist, SNS aims to expand the party
It's not a pole, but it's poor
I thought it was small
What is your most DV comment?
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, the direction of the direction of the manufacturing industry, the direction of the "flying car", is it a fictional newspaper?No, what are you really saying?Why isn't this a fictional newspaper!
Keidanren goes crazy
PS3 "Demon's Soul" online service ended at 17:00 on February 28, 2018
I bought PS4 and VR
It looks like a nuclear power plant
"Would you like to be independent?"
It may be broken
I will travel over there, this is Azulene
Because there is a tendency to kick the red and white appearance request
It's a nightmare that you can get entangled with a conspiracy radio netouyo in the Diet
UN, sea plastic garbage reduction to reduction, new organizational policy and alternative items can be put in vinyl.
The United Nations Special Reporter warns the serious poverty in the United States, the U.S. Emperor seems to need a revolution soon.
In this era, it's Micra
Now it is light and cheap with plastic, and you can buy cheap items that can be used properly for repair.
It's Eiken today ...
Upper House Budget Committee
I remembered copying the folic acid on my teeth
Sometimes Bunshun writes an article
The Self -Defense Force will decide the best beautiful macho "Self -Defense Force Best Body 2018" will be held!It is nailed to the healthy muscles of land, sea, and empty members ♡ Because it is a boiler technician or transcendent, it would be a good idea to concentrate on muscle training.
Liberal Democratic Shandong, "Women who have more than 4 people, awards at the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare" * What are you saying?・ I'm crazy ・ It doesn't seem to be different
LDP Golf Course Usage Tax Available Resolutions To Make Appearance Really Tax Reduction
Actually, the children's videos are likely to be stored a lot
In fact, there are some people who change jobs with career and high salary even if they are not black.
I wonder if there was a guy who wrote it with a red red
Youth & 30s "Good luck! Good luck! Work style reform, Moritomo problem!"
What is this subbreddit about? Standing in this thread period
I don't donate to wikipedia (Wikipedia) I wonder if NSR is being blocked or blocked by NSR, such as "I can't sleep at night with guilt ..."but
Anani transvestite is coming back
I wrote a novel.Part 2 LLL is not a new speed
Koike Tsutomu's Tsutsuke ... The Tokyo Olympics are "hostage" and the general contractor is a conditional struggle in the first place, the Koike is a general contractor.
There are various things, but who is the setting screen that is not a panel panel?
The new Reddit app is better than 0ch, 2ch, 4ch, 5ch, compared to the bottom that seems to be slow.
I had a new smartphone ...
Popular models are posted on Instagram and post "obscene video" and make a big turmoil!
Idol group dissolution with Mito City!Is it the cause of "sexual harassment & drinking forced" for minor members?As many as 23 members graduate and withdraw in 5 years.Mito → Natto →
Let's introduce AI as a politician and bureaucrat
The truth of the New Year's special number "leaving on the way"
Saving "canbe"?If you calculate the third beer "high alcohol" one after another, it's about the same alcohol amount/price as shochu (class Otsu), isn't it really good?
Maybe there is no template
Would you like an adult to see an anime for girls?
I wonder if Taisei Construction commercials will also include
Possibility of expanding the investigation of "Abe Friends"
I praise if the Chinese newspaper does it
Is there an AV actress in China?
China's supercomputer "Tenkawa No. 3", if Japan was rubbed by the arrest of a certain president, it is expected to be the first place.
Lunch is bread's ears, even if you jump into the train ... Arafo Non -regular employee who is hunted down This generation is surprising to be invincible.
When you wake up in the morning, you have to leave home, there's a lot of time, about 10 hours after making a thread
Replaced as a used crash helicopter part, just before
Win10 is
Toray, quality data tampering
Tokyo Olympics mascot prize money 1 million yen (tax included)
TEPCO: Well, the work is in the 5 -minute exchange
I gave up thinking about Suretai who can be too scattered
Is it okay to reissue Kuroda, Governor of the Bank of Japan?
Japan's smartphone game "Traveling Karet", unusual hit in China
。There was also a rice that said that it was anus lacer, right?
Japanese geography can be remembered by Momotetsu
If you look at the hegemony and see a minor anime
I was playing a normal internet
U.S. military helicopter again or Okinawa Watani Kimura, so it's already a lifespan, so even though you should exchange it for a new helicopter, the new one is Osprey.
U.S. military transport aircraft crashed off the coast of the coast of Okinawa 東 | 海 | | | | | | | | | | | | |
My bitcoin automatic trading bot is working hard
I want to copy and paste all the devices with the same command system
I also wanted to be born in CG or something
To the serious folly cabin, Prime Minister Abe vs Asahi Shimbun has entered the "Final War" and now the Liberal Democratic Democratic Mobilization is also known to be Hawk. It's at best the size that hair has grown in curry protests.I don't know
Today's Pop Team Epic Voice Actor Prediction Thread
I'll do "Your name."
Out of 5 trillion yen in 5 years in unborned nuclear power plants
Democratic: Resolution of the party
Started distribution on the PC version of the masterpiece RPG "Chrono Trigger"
I will go to Women's University from tomorrow
It's a useful submi
I came to Chinese for dinner
Arashi / Sakurai -san, strengthening the internal control function to Denki Executive Officer, isn't it usually a Amakudari project without his son?It would be too dangerous to have any media criticizing the company immediately after the former Secretary -General caused a scandal.
Constitutional representative and Edano talks about "decision that this is time to make a line"
"Well, don't you have PS4?
Please see the finished lunch box by winning the questionnaire with "Kemo Fure"
"Nico Nico Channel" has the first unlimited viewing channel "D Anime Store Nico Nico Branch" even if it is a premium member, it will be charged separately, and it will be a separate contract with the head family D Ani.
Did you say, "If you were dissatisfied because it was a project that you didn't get a request thread, do you want to resign?"
"PCs that can start virtual currency mining immediately" is on sale at Dospara, and the delivery time is one month, until the initial setting of the mining is on sale.
"Yoshinoya Copy Paste" After 17 years, I thought it was a copy and paste of 2channel to ask the creator in the trend word.
"Nuclear power plant is cheap" lie
"Four Goddess Online CYBER DIMENSION NEPTUNE" Release date will be decided on February 27? Is this a new battlefield of Geha?
The reality of "Nikkei average drop to 12,000 yen"
"Too beautiful city council" Social Democratic Party Azusa Sato
What was the worst buzz on the Internet in 2017?
"Super Bonbaman R" will be released in June on PS4/XB1/PC
Announced "Valkyria 4 on the battlefield"!The PS4 version was on March 21, 2018, and the Nintendo Switch version was scheduled to be released in the summer of 2018 2 and 3?
"Removal ramen shop" was a long time ago (a long time ago or a long time ago).
[Terger suspicion] Bitcoin price increase immediately after the new USDT is issued, anonymous report is not clear the significance of the tethers of market operation, but after all SCAM?
[Muscle training] This would happen if I continued to stand up for half a year!
GDP increases for the first time in 28 years 8 consecutive terms
WHO officially certified
22nd Tokyo Stock Bulk Nikkei Average growth, 173 yen, and the yen is expensive, probably because of high intervention
I didn't think it would be a moe to my brother character
