🎊 * (small voice) Bish song * (〃'∇'〃)
> Former Superstar Usain Bolt, what if this happened?
(Please Famichiki)
Anime <HENTAI
Bundle (one game)
With EVO sponsor authority
As a result of the Epic Store opened and learning about the dynamics of each store, I reached the following conclusions.
I don't know if EPIC etc. continue to show positive posture 10 years later.
As part of the EPIC advertising device, your game will be used in a splash.
It is unusual for EPIC to have a lot of tone
Because there are no DRM -free or clear advantages like GOG, I don't want to increase DRM.
I made a reservation at Gameplanet
Find a LLLER marriage partner ~ It's a lie.
Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed Collection was also OK.
Switch con
TOP-> Appeared Popular soon-> Released in the near future-> Wish List Top-> Browse all
It feels good to move slimy than the WiiU version.
["Mokomoko Technique"*"With Shizue-san"**"Complete small dog manual" **] (#mm-C20) [... ** all?
[All-you-can-touch the thunder god Maru] (#BN-FUKI3TL)
I buy Adblock or for a fee
I want to make a new ARK (DLC) ...
I saw the related photos of IMGUR, but I recommend that there are no tricks in the morning in the Horyuji Temple.
If it was Steam, I would definitely return it.
When the total number of games of Steam exceeded 1000, I missed saying, "The one who has more than 1000 is a professional steamer!"
WJN -like guess (praise)
: What this decision brings is probably a very strict and cool AAA business that most Indy developers have never experienced before.
(The writing of "Soramisu Masaru" is a story that knows whether it is close enough to feel the threat.
"I wonder if I want to play a game with me in Pocky ~
Congratulations to Mira -chan!
"Hikage doesn't say that!]
> Japanese support
I'm JK, is the stock price a Democratic Party?Daddy said that it was tripled from the anti -Japanese political party.
Oh, it's a person from the head Koizumi!
It doesn't matter much, but I focused on the destroyer "Osugi Sakae"
It's because of Imu -kun.
No, it's pretty serious, and I think it's a big influence of Japanese AV.
** I ** You are a rate 1200
Oza -san knows this behavior from the opposition rewarding artist, but the Democratic Party will definitely do it.
This sock is thick like a brick.
If this turtle continues to be serialized
Can this $ 5 coupon be used with Humble Monthly next month?
Can't use this to make the Abe administration voluntarily retire?
Is this Shitennoji?
Well, Satsuma?
And the first floor is a good eaves!
Jagarikojagaragi Kagaragari
Forced the high school there was "Jiyugaoka Gakuen"
And Momota apologizes to the natural goddess
Still, what are the people who support Shinzo Abe (´ ・ ω ・ ｀)?
Even if Yoichi Takahashi is a professor, it's a minus university
That's why we separate and sell ARK's unfinished new work (DLC)!
If you misunderstand that, I don't think you can understand the principle of behavior of Abe today.
But if you do that, you can conclude that Okinawa should be independent and have a peaceful relationship with others.
However, the delivery unit price of Kuroneko Mate has not increased.
Then you should reopen it and make it a Goated community.
The owner of this pakuri store, which has been understood, is also a pancake shop called GRAM, but this Gram is also a thief of the logo and trademark of the store with the same name.
I only live in three places, but I guess Fukuoka.
Well, I think Fukuoka is a good balance (advertisement)
I thought about drawing an illustration that looked exactly like Mitan, making a new red and posting it.
Mame -chan 🌱 Where?
Mira -chan ♡ (๑´ • ω •) ۶ ”(; _;)
Of course, there are a number of other things to consider: launching the Epic Store will give you a chance to be at the forefront of a store that can be the second largest on a PC.
Finally check -in sightseeing is over, and you may go to Dotonbori after the night plan
Ramu -san ww Oh, I'm sorry ~~ Muramura ~~ Rambutan ... (； o;)
Is it a title that throws out the selling DB and kill la kill persona that sells?
I bought Assassin's Creed!
Is Abyss Horizon made Chinese?
It's similar to Carlos Ghosn, so I'm going to detain it for the time being
Eat candy dwinds.
If you have a guitar, study using a guitar. It's a Japanese -style specialized instrument. I'm now back to the basics and have been strengthening from the closed triad and its turning type, so I've been holding down with my habit, so how to use it.Is being reconstructed
Jishin on the side!
I went only for the subway day
If you simply think about it, the result of Abenomics is the result of tampering, right?
Gigolo?
Sega's teaser method is unique every time
Make it the background of Twitter ....
I think there are friends involved on the net and I want you to be friends.
HEATTECH is that warm?
Maybe because of the photona effect
Isn't there a lot of Hey High?
Volvain's transparent watercolor paint
Matsuko Deluxe is over 100kg, so why not try a demonstration experiment?
I think Yamato is a really sneaky company
Apple?
If it's a tsume to eat Le Lectier ...
I really like the Laders lost Ark's poster picture
I thought it was "Shanghai Suge" for a moment
* GOG.com* DRM free package, achievement GOG GALAXY client, leader board, friendlist, forum, cloud save, rollback branch, multiplayer API, steam cross -play, game review, year -listed, previously purchased gameSTEAM key provision (special promotion different for each game), refund.
1 was a good arcade game
This generous publicity of how great the Epic Store is for developers is definitely a net loss for customers.
Japan has become like a dictatorial country that can only be expected to reform with external pressure.
This comb is the only one that takes 60 teeth but allows you to approach your head while holding 60 teeth.
21:00 Kushikatsu Yokozuna Umai!
If you want to make a line, you should be able to do as much as you want if you declare a state emergency, so you should do it.
The subway in the neighborhood was crushed
Kushikatsu Yokozuna and other Kushikatsu shops, so I can't compare them, but they were good!
Personally, it's nice to see the trail that I bought nowadays.
It seems that it is time to proceed to the next level of oral hygiene games.
I want to go ... I want to see Mimi -kun.
You can get the best mandolin.
Before thought, Takenaka has only the ability to approach power, what kind of class?
Recommended on 5ch
Is the Self -Defense Forces highly evaluated for disaster dispatch?
Liberal Democratic Party's catchphrase
On the contrary, I was doing Lehman during the democratic government even if it was 500 yen for Netouyo, but since Abenomics started, I became a poor person who could not buy a MacBook.
8bit police: Let's get rid of the mentors of Keisatsu.
The first smash bra was gathering together and playing
Ozawa "(Do you take over here and crush it)
Ozawa Ikeya and Minmin Party.
When I go to psychosomatic medicine, I get asked, "Is that state going on for more than 3 weeks?"
There are a lot of people ... hard ... I like hot springs and food on my trip ... Beppu I've been there.
I used to install origin in the past, but I remember that the apde did not end endlessly
Lottery of a candy store ↓ Real gacha such as super car / kinnikuman's eraser ↓ Soshage gacha
I want to go to Osaka ~~ I want to go back (๑ • ́ ₃ • ̀)
It's easy to refuse to buy a game on the Epic Store as a mere launcher.
I did Kenshi the best I bought before raising the price, it's over 100 hours
Lunch Menya Gaten
The list price "Put all DLCs in the cart" Crusader Kings II 29,938 yen EUROPA UNIVERSALIS IV 36,164 yen
Company D, which is a place where the digit version is raised and the place where you are doing it, and the Oma DRM is rattled.
It is also in Tokyo, but I really wanted to eat maze soba
I'm growing up in hate education not only in Japan but also in the United States, China, Chugokuhoku.
Is it objection or anti -Japanese to Japanese tradition?
I think the good points of Japan were condensed in the late Showa era (since the 40s)
Japan Conference "Self -responsibility born to lower -class people! SHINE!"
Russian diplomacy is confirmed by red light
The only one to buy is the four goddesses online.
>> Japan GDP is not 10.9 % growing in the six years when I was in office.
When the city level is lowered to Fukuoka, the ratio of the floating fashion falls drastically, so it may be good to have a small but small.
Beppu is good ~ I went at the end of last year.
I thought it was Horyuji (〃 ﾉ ω ﾉ)
The northern territory is settled on the two islands, and the peace treaty is not a raw problem
The translation function is probably Google's guy, and I don't think it's inevitable that the accuracy will change depending on the line break and the number of line breaks.
I'm going to play as much as I can (it's the best luxury), but I want to buy Anno 1800, Totalwar Three Kingdoms first
I feel that the development of a new liberal Takenaka, who claims on a standing or leaflets or systematically jointly with other students, includes a very essential problem.
It's beautiful.
> The profit distribution rate of games released on Steam so far was uniform and Valve 30 %/70 % partner.
"Is there anyone who can speak Nordic?"
Presence at the speed of tweets, 120,000 followers to Oka Sanman, who is unidentified
Drink for the time being, you guys?I'm licking, or I'm always drinking Temee's stolichnaya, so I'll drink it.
I'm sorry ... I will go to the bean tengu again ...
Released a satire game "I Can't Believe It's Not Gambling" that continues to open the "Route Box".I'm doing a little uplifting and a big imaginary feeling, but it's really fun
Seriously selling vegetables with Mercari!
Monju design, no decommissioning, it is difficult to carry out sodium, and there is a experimental reactor called Joyo in front of Monju.
Yuyuyu Yukun Yuyuyuyu Yu -kun ... Yu -kun is Kansai capital
Isn't it going to get down?
If you update a new version of Aikatsu's sound game
Iran's demonstration is different from usual
Indonesia Police, 12 transgender detained and stopped
Expedia survey
The genealogy of alternative music is a poster like a beautiful "circuit board" ── The English Design Studio is produced
Bonito is bullying in the baseball club and grows
ECD, a rapper who was fighting on cancer, died at the age of 57 ... RIP
Reporter Kim Yong Jin
Buy Skyrim and make impressions
Sri Lanka police officer, chased by elephant and lost automatic rifles
Softbank violates the Radio Law
Television mail order is "the world's largest rental shop", UNIQLO has no return conditions without hitting "Word Rouving" to be returned after worn, so it seems that there was a person who bought only one place and exchanged at the destination of traveling.
Trehalose controversy
New Speed ​​R Thinking about this year's kanji [Automatic tally] Somehow you can understand the original
Neuro is interesting because it is interesting
Beyond Banamee shrimp ...
When I was in the bubble, the children of the rich house used about 100,000 in a month
Pashute gold medal ... "Kikuchi Ayaka" does not receive the villagers' honor award "Mura 8th" turmoil | Daily Shincho I also thought
Fetish Street Demon
Director Super Tatsuya of the Fugu River "I sold it for many years" "I can't sell puffer fish anymore"
Professional baseball
I want to eat rice without a side dish
McDonald's, the wage level has increased in two years, the highest in the past, the highest in the past, the highest in surplus.
The linear rigging was a project that the Special Investigation Department gave up
Did Lyrica just feel unusual because of the sound?
The difference is that LIVE2D is treated as non -DLC
Miki Watanabe apologizes for the inappropriate remark, "Is it happy for 7 days a week?"
Talk about the restaurant management, the story of a manga artist "hell" (Mito Orihara) | Draw in modern business manga
Is Koshino Kana delicious?
"Lightning Superhuman Gridman" will be broadcast on the new anime and broadcast in the fall of 2018
Is it Kasumigaseki's rebellion?
If Takanohana was washed and exposed to the media ally, it would have been the Sumo Association who had fallen.
Takanohana was lost, and supported outside the gate
Teruyuki's rough feeling is good, isn't it?
Starts on the 1st of next month in Kanazawa City
I'm in trouble because I can't say "Yatter!"
Kanemoto?
National Police Agency Experience Study Group
Ai Takabe, my head ...
The Ministry of Finance recognizes the existence of audio data of "130,000"
[Important] Authorized academic journal "The life of the earth came from outside the earth, and ..." Panspermia theory almost confirmed, a shocking "cosmic life diffusion system" discovery to Tokana.
The magazine "Movie Art" excludes "anime" from the best movie
[Breaking news] A power word called "Alafor Angel" is registered as a trademark
The deer also has a prion disease
The Prime Minister denies by repeated involvement of himself and Mrs. Akie
[Question] What can we do now to change Japanese politics?
[Breaking news] Gegege's Kitaro's cat girl is updated again!(Baba Baba
Attack on Titan
Governor Shizuoka should write Mt. Fuji in the constitution as a symbol of the union of the country /^o^＼ ^^
Akasaka Mitsuke was an excitement ...
Is it a video posted in the snow and ice world "Horiki" Yukio Bridge?
[Late call] Nanachi is cute
At the pond in the Shikotani Titai Ten on Mt. Asuwa
Ambassador Sasae pointed out before retirement
Arrested a bronze medalist of the Nagano Olympics
I'll buy a company related to Dentsu
Naha District Court
The History Mystery that began with a mysterious giant Kannon image photo, the call of Twitter users This search drama will be Yahoo News w
The second Abe administration, which improved the poverty rate, was a normal increase and non -regular increase until 2013 and 2014?
Frequently to welfare center.
The contradiction (Ryo Uchida) for being forced to stop "voluntary activities" that should be forced to enter club activities is not good for the body and mentally, so it is bad for the body to stop the teacher's blonde hair.
Wind Barbaricia
Come on a hair nurse agent factory on the wind ...
Defense Minister, the failure of the interception experiment recognizes "It didn't work"
I can't do it with Aso's neck
Azabu police station
It's just a vehicle
Vegetable retail price lettuce is a part of a part of a normal year, such as 1.8 times, which is because of half the value of Abe.
Makoto Raigo "Please buy a house in Tokyo. It's a great deal for 20 million yen."But it's not weird, I guess it sells
Riku Saisa is arrested in Saitama Prefectural Police Saitama, and the allegations are robbed by the denial of the denial ...
If you have an incurable disease in Abe -on, it's your head
Fold the topic Morgessoyo
Bullying is an extension of play, a homeroom teacher who does not see it: Society: Yomiuri ONLINE (Yomiuri Online) Takanohana has presented a solutionDon't trust Kyokai (Board of Education)
Even though Masumi Asano doesn't even go out
Happy birthday LINE is now
Here Naha was 20 ° C
"News Girls" problem BPO is determined to be "violent human rights of defamation"
"I don't know if Sagawa is talking directly to Sagawa."
"Mimori Suzuko's lover discovered!"
[Live] Tokyo Godfathers Appreciation Party 20: 00-
[Paid article] I found anonymous Netouyo's home and told my mother, "The nerd's son, it's a ridiculous netouyo."
Products whose capacity is decreasing in the meantime -Products whose capacity is decreasing in the meantime wiki
Comedy entertainer "I can't go to Disneyland without money"
As expected, SR is too high
If you just missed it, there was a queue and everyone was looking into the smartphone screen.
Farewell to Tsubaru ~
Watanabe is not old yet
Such a character that was in Shimajiro
Is Shimamura suddenly due to the absence of a serious sales hitting product or a failure in the online shopping strategy?
Five years of Abe's decision
Shimamura said, "Because the temperature dropped nationwide from mid -November, the temperature was high from September to October, and the typhoon that attacked on the weekend for two consecutive weeks in late October."I am.
Therefore, even in Okinawan falling items, it stands on the US military side, not the indigenous side.
By the way, I also use Relay.
Wasn't it a golden age? Civ6
It can be said that it is the 3rd term
Do you want to fill a place where there is no Amuro?
I have Dyson
Is it acute gastroenteritis again?
I'm still doing civ5
Mizuho Gin's friend exceeded 10 million a year when 30
Because everything is not working except for the trading and sale of BTC/JPY exchanges.
At present, it is more correct to say the Bank of Japan Mix.
Is Yu -kun pushing the chair?
Asia is full of monitoring nations
I hate Aniplex too much
The benefits of Abenomics, it does not spread to rural areas at all ... The difficulty of raising the local government has become serious
The idea of ​​solving it with horsepower like an American car
Iwaki!
A 14 -year -old boy lays eggs in Indonesia
New lover in Okada Kazuchika
> Why did Shimamura, who can be clearly called "winners", came here and stall?
I couldn't beat the Christmas monster ...
Swedish elderly FPS team called Sylvasnipers, Kusso is cool
SECOM | Be careful behind you!How to keep a suspicious person away
In the relationship between Setal and her, it should be said that gender -free given by gender discrimination.
Both Xeno 2 and Zelda should be cleared.
It seems to be around the Daft Punk PV
What I ordered at Amazon's Makeples was waiting for three days, and was unilaterally canceled without any contact from the other party.
I don't like Dereste
DOCOMO's overseas Pakeho is 1980 yen for 24MB a day, unlimited 2980 yen
Nico -Kuru -kun reviving back alive ... (I don't think it doesn't reach)
It is necessary to verify the BPO members.
Since the Nico function was a UV function for real comments, it was possible that even if I continued, I could have changed my policy to REDDIT in the video site world, but it was "abolished due to technical problems (because the person in charge stopped it, it was made by yakisoba, so I made it.) Is clearly stated at the recital ...
Bomb game called post Abe
Marmi -chan ❤️ Ufufu
Run away
Mami is your happiness
Mami was brainwashed and became a guy ...
I am pleased with Mami
The Rohingya armed organization "Arakan Roaching Relief Army (ARSA)", an ambush attack on the Myanmar army, acknowledges that five people were injured.
Waikon will finally advance to Japan
Paladins of F2P multiplayer FPS is on fire to change the character enhanced card system to a root box such as Star Wars BattleFront 2.
If Aso Caldera erupts, the whole Kyushu will be destroyed, so one or two of the nuclear power plants can be done.
What is bad is Abe's answer and Yomiuri report
Why is Akie Abe's name in a decision document?
Broadcasting system reform that Abe administration is considering
Ikata Nuclear Power Plant operation deduction = "Pyroclastic flow, possibility of reach" -3 Temporary disposal / Hiroshima High Court
The requested LLL A4 flyer was completed.
FINAL FANTASY XII THE ZODIAC AGE Released on February 2/Japanese compatible
About "KanColle" seen from the retired person
HUG Pretty is the best
The king's ear is a donkey's ear
Civilization VI: Rise And Fall, a large -scale expansion pack that introduces a large number of new systems, such as the resurrection of the golden age and the loyalty of the city, is the official announcement.
I don't think Muramoto is bad at all
My beloved Anzu -chan ...
According to J Channel, at this time
Accounting Inspection Agency "I was aware of two types of documents"
Is the director Isdatoko Taro?
Is there a term that the ship is stacked by the artist???
Participant secretary Koto Hashimoto "After all, I think that" love "comes from the brain is the frontal lobe.
Japan Meteorological Agency
On the day off, from the other side, there was a line saying, "Is there a delicious food shop around here?"
Rested due to heavy snow for the first time in 9 years in Kanazawa University
Arrested on suspicion of hitting his wife (48) his wife (48), an economic critic
LIKE · Reply · 1 · 10 HRS TAKASHI SHIGEMUNE · Udon Thani Is the BPO committee member fair?
The cause is forget to close the hatch
Currently, the Maritime Self -Defense Force is deployed two generations of SM3 block 1A, but the success rate of intercept is 84 % at the official announcement of the United States Pentagon (however, it does not mean that the warhead can be "completely neutralized").
What is the modern world?
The folly of a man who provoked Takasu
I don't come because I stopped the line now ♡
In the future, I can imagine that each country crying to Japan and asking me to sell it, and I was really excited!
I remembered it now, but the story of Spla 2 is over
Buy NEO NEO
The NESICA system has recently been thriving emu
NHK's hard work!
After giving birth to a child, pack it in concrete and go to Mercari
Child prostitution is tempting to the most common smartphone and games Niigata
NSR
Self -Defense Forces Public Relations Anime, High School Fleet finally became soshage !!!
LDP Saito "Awarded by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare with more than 4 people."
Reddit Question Thread & Chat Thread (Question & Discussion) - December, 2017
Prime Minister criticizes the Asahi article "I haven't left it"
Demonstration of prison dilemma experiments, unraveled environment where punishment creates retaliation
It was a duodenal ulcer
Discussions over women -only vehicles
Mr. Suga "The Prime Minister is aware of it"
Come to Kusatsu. The mayor advertised the alert level 1, but it was really level 3.
Come to Kusatsu, only 5 kilometers from the eruption, but it's safe
Kusatsu Shirane erupts
Kickstarter campaign for the new tactical shooter "SWAT NEXT GENERATION" inspired by SWAT4 and RAINBOW SIX has started
Directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi Hanagatami!
76th Hacker News TOKYO MEETUP 2017-12-06 (Wed) 18:30-23:00 3-1-25 B1F B1F B1F
Steam version "Shin Sangoku Musou 8" officially does not support Japanese subtitles.
Flame radiation drone active in China
Inoki "How are you !!"
Asahi Shimbun Public Relations is the first protest on the official Twitter
It was the result of TOEIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ryoko Tamiya (parasitic beast) looked like this
Do you want to stop Dentsu?
Testimony of sexual harassment and power harassment in the Dentsu era
Earthquake in Peru, South America M7.3 • R/Quake_jp
Nikkan Gendai?
It is a product that anyone who believes that the future of Japan is bright.
Hachijojima is like this
A tragedy that is mistaken for a college student's mother at Ayako Hatta ...
If it becomes a stable nuclide helium after 12 years of half -life, it seems that we only need to collect separately.
When I was sleeping with a cold, I fell asleep, but Nicholas did not fall as usual
Professor Mochizuki Kyoto University
Details of the conference of Finance Minister Aso
If the back of your eyes or your face hurts, sinusitis is sinusitis.
Arima Memorial?
Director of the Treasury Bureau "Mrs. Prime Minister"
The disclosure of the core melting is delayed, and the verification committee "did not instruct the official residence"
Kagoike Yoshige
At the end of the mushroom war ...!The Meiji Official "Mushroom Mountain Yama Bamboo Bamboo shoots' Sato National Election" asked by the start of voting at the start of voting
I can't connect to the chilled bunch
This guy is always broken FF6
I have become a Gold member of Kinokuniya for 3 consecutive months
I want to do this feeling well
This winter is the first time in Hokkaido, which is the first to 30 ° C below the country
This is American dinner scenery (image)
I feel like I can make an LLL village if the number of people increases.
This is because of Abe
This is because of half Abe
Suddenly Abe Friend Raper Yamaguchi Catch
Leave it to Sanuta
Well, there is no one around Abe who looks better than Mr. Abe.
Oh yeah, it's a BS11
And I had 10,000 FGOs today and paid 60,000 this month.
Eventually it will be cut from China
5 minutes exposure amount 667msv (Japanese workers are exposed to 2 msv/y)
The result is a Friends
By the way, the top search was only Adachi, so I got the impression that only Adachi was noisy.
It seems that 5 points are chopped
Taketoyo Toguchi, I'm sure, Okinawa Nago mayoral election
How can I get rid of the reputational damage in Fukushima?"How do you get discriminatory?"
As a result of receiving ADHD tests
Why did Christmas become lovers?
Why now!? The book that reads the nightmare of "Endless Eight" with an analysis philosophy is a strange book covered with loops.I don't think it's a repetition
Complete ADSL in 2013 and order dark construction
Why is the "average income" going up even in the recession? The method of lying in Simpson's paradox statistics
Nadeshiko Japan Maruyama shocked that it was no panties and no bra at the time of the conference
Something reminiscent of a parasitic beast
I feel sick of the mouse
Netoge abolished people who appeared in Nehorinpahorin "Botler takes time and ultimately inefficient" TIL
I put the Usui Horn of Nenkan!
ANN Poll Survey
Chick tower
AV actress Nozomi Aso (33) is arrested and prosecuted on suspicion of possession of a stimulant
What is a photographer Yuria?There is an image of the person.
I forcibly take off the underwear of Arina Paisen.
I summarized the charm of the game of the pot that I am addicted to in the text.
Albi is a beautiful city
It's just a coin check
More and more in manga! FGO
Changed to Amazon's "I wish list", a specification that can be rewritten to real name when saved
Please catch Amari already
AOE2 is also fun
Is it a gentle Juda?
Is it finally revived on the MBS net?
I want to do AOE
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag Free UBI
I had nothing to do, so if I looked up a lot about Tobita Shinchi, I was motivated that I had to go, but I'm scared to go alone.
Rurouni Kenshin author, arrested for possession of child pornography
I don't know, I'm still in Australia.。。
A smart toothbrush "UNICO" that brushes all teeth in just 3 seconds is looking for funds
It's famous like BW, but is it a mercenary for Japanese people?
Is it a new year from Akira? [] (#B2)
Aqua Kawaii
I remembered Asakuri 2 rotation puzzles
Asian fair, environmental headwind
Abenomics, less than 90 % of "evaluation"
Abenomics has increased "income 3 million or less" households, about 20 % in their 30s
Abenomics great success
Amazon's cardboard "Press here" button is abnormal
If Bitcoin is issued to the upper limit, what will the mining money happen?
There are products on Amazon that are strangely highly evaluated and have a large number of evaluations.
It seems that Netoyo forces are expanding in the American Kemonor world, is it really the worst detective Killmin?
Ariere liquid refilled new package and from 770G to 720g
Alina Paisen "Uh? !!?"
Alina Paisen "Hmm?! Hmm!?"
It would be interesting if Alibaba put out AI speakers
Alcohol -free "Cannabis Beer" will be released next year in Canada?
The largest aircraft carrier in British history, to repair immediately after serving
Israeli soldier is amazing
I'm going to Italy
I arrived at Italy
Instagram 800,000
Instrumental pension
Woman Muramoto "Prime Minister is not the case if you are stumbling in this place. We must also falsify Article 9 quickly." Gag "Let's say Article 9, paragraph 1. Can you say?!"
Winter sports
Sumu entertainer called Wolfric Nishio
There are children who can't stop energy drinks
Even if the Engel coefficient rises, the economic recovery, Prime Minister Abe shows off a new interpretation that is too novel.
CV Noriko Hidaka
Citrus Good ~ This is R/Anime
Girls channel "Unpleasant G image" large amount of posting, operation is legal measure to users
The guide is a sect
The reason why DMM turned around and "stopped" to enter the share bicycle
Kitty, collaborate with something ridiculous
Memories of the Kyungshi boom
Kill Me Baby is back
Christmas Eve, everyone's girlfriend, summoning Mahosho!\\ phon/ Mahosho is my pet
Google, the search algorithm is not corrected, and I will ask for Affi by lowering the Russian media.
Gudako and husband are all homosexual
Cadence 90?
It's fun
Get FREEDOM I lied for the game, I'm doing Monhan now, but it's interesting
Chlobaranowalkure Spring Release IF Game, which was a lot of topics other than the game, had to buy a fairy fencer and swore to my heart.
Germannia Ninja
Coin check stops withdrawal of all currency
Coin Check Company's complaint response, high treatment is 1600 yen for a large amount of recruitment with a high recruitment of 1600 yen.
It's different from a country where Comic Lo is sold dignifiedly.
Column: Bitcoin, translation that is absolutely "real money" LN implementation gar
Korokoro Comic March issue Sales Canceled Burning Brother's Official Officer Case
Don't you get involved in the Koropla trial?
It's a hassle to find what you want on Cyber ​​Monday Sale
Saudi Arabia's prince and other property of 11 trillion yen to me
Someone who stands the submi "There was something" ◎ ← onion ring fly ◎ ← Pondering ◎ ← Chikubi
Sanko, starting a pre -order for "sugar cut rice cooker" that can cut 33 % of carbohydrates just by cooking normally, has a function that automatically mixes agar or automatically.
Sandwich man
Held San Francisco comfort women statue
There is Zachtorte
Sachertorte love is amazing
I drew a Supreme cap
Silus eel.For some reason, it has decreased 99.4%since last year.Official "I think the migration of fry born in the waters near Guam is delayed"
Happy new year from Singapore!Rather, the wind is strong and slightly chilly, and I woke up with the 4:30 bell that the neighboring church rangs @nha Trang, Vietnam I do not do fireworks, and dogs are barking all night and chicken cries.Given
It would be nice if Johnny's finally lifted the use of images online.
Johnny's event
Jilloul lover's favorite guy
Scotland's hangover cure I drank a long time ago and tasted like a medicine and didn't fit my taste
I couldn't see the anime of FGO orz
I started Splatoon, but it's difficult ... I can't win easily ... LLL gamers many
Is it a small ghoul?
Is it the genealogy of Sega?
Soshage ... Oh, oh ...
Zoid Wild Start
Is Dyson's EV, first release in Japan ahead of the world?
I wonder what the cheese duckalbi "tatta" is ...
Twitter Japan, new functions examination
It's coming on on Twitter
Tsum Tsum CM cute
Is it Teseus's sailing theory?
Teppo -wet shrimp elucidates the secrets and secrets with the "queen"
Is it a teppo shrimp that's not a tepodama?
Digital mini comic "Zartan" # 11
Toyota has decided to use a rotary engine!
Toyota's new humanoid can be manipulated as if you are alive.
Trump administration, Transgender claims to stop the U.S. Army troops, usually NG who seems to have such an ambition
President Trump "If you were in the gun shooting site, you would have rushed even if you don't have a weapon."
Turkish nuclear power expenses, double as expected
The trend site spreads a lie immediately by the Kamata gas explosion
Vulnerability in Germany's "smart tools"
The drama "Brother's Husband" Main Visual ban, an original picture exhibition commemorating the drama is also decided to be decided not to feel Korejanai at all I want to see this
Nestle is the worst w
A preparation party of the "Internet Media Association" is established to improve the reliability of online media
I can't sell online advertisements!If Dentsu's unexpected suffering stemning is, it's good to be good.
The theory that rats are not aging.
Bartus is such a painter
Valentine's chocolate
Pakistani sushi
I forgot the password
PC again Blue screen and Windows Infinite Loop
Who knows pachol
Tell Palestine
Story of forced loss cut with bitcoin FX
Bitcoin has fallen 1 million yen
Bitcoin soaring, the Nikkei average is 23,000 yen, and if it does not increase there, it is not completely breathing in Japan.
Number of users in the Bitcoin Exchange app No.1
Thread to make pyramids
Famima to enter the coin laundry service business
Famima is released limited quantity
Because it's just an animation frame I'm expecting in Fuji
I'm thinking of joining Freemason, but do you know some of the month?
Pretty Cure defeats the last boss in 15 minutes and 50 seconds on average
Is Premium Friday failed?"The fact that the disparity has been raised has just been exposed."
Venezuela issues cryptocurrencies as a nation for the first time in the world, so it doesn't make sense to use existing cryptocurrencies
If you have a plastic bottle, you can pee anytime, anywhere, and it will be convenient with this "Car Pool".
I wonder if Holy Mami's motion is strange and a saint.
Holy Mami -san pulled
Horror writer Steven King's first picture book -Surprisingly warm, no, how about this?
I don't get bonuses, but when I'm a bonus, my desire to buy increases
Pokemon Sapphire was the best
Poppizer Former Episode 10 Tanba
It seems that the anime of Pop Team Epic has begun
Is Margarine's "trans fatty acid" a big problem for Japanese people?
The mirror ranking starts with Magireko, but if you think about the ease of reward, it may be a D rank.
Really?If you see it next time, take a video and line it up
Masuo worked for a certain famous home appliance manufacturer, but fell irregularly due to the decoration settlement.
Mami -san
Mami suddenly became a saint and descended
For those who are recorded at Mario RTA, we also have a National Honor Award
Margherita and seafood pasta
Mirers finished with 20 wins and 3 losses
Mercari "Because it's not a thief market"
I'm scared of Mercari
Mercari Law regulation, policy to watch over for the time being
Monacoin
What is Morgessoyo?
Morgessoyo subspecies?
Monhan fun
Monhan woman "Please tie me" That's right
Maki beans at Yakult Spring Camp, failed to exterminate demon
Labrador dog's front leg "kiss" lion
The case where the secret location of the US military secret base is found from the soldiers of the soldiers who use the running app, there are about 10 followers and safe.
Lusamine is doing something
Lulu That's it
Three years have passed since LLL was created.I think it is time to be a helit.Is it already three years?I'm sorry.
Letty is 1.7 times that of normal
Lesser panda is bigger than I thought!If you think it's about a small dog, it's a child size larger than Shiba dog
Those who vote many times by themselves in the Russian presidential election
What happened to Ronaldo?
It seems that the decryption of the Voinic manuscript has begun to progress.What were you delusion that you were writing at first?I don't think there is a net god, such a dangerous diary
Amuro appearance is also 39.4 % of the worst in history
Abe -chan "It's because the number of unemployed people has decreased!"
Abe -chan "Listen to the voice without a voice"
Abe -chan's official media
Abe himself is a land mine
For some reason, Abe made a political show with himself and his party as a "new force" and made a great success.
The Abe cheering party is spreading a malicious discrimination hoax called Dowa, "The Specialness of this case" in Moritomo document!
Prime Minister Abe, data misdirection "Deep, abalone" = discretionary labor, not withdrawn the bill
Prime Minister Abe, "2,850 billion yen in 5 years" "TBS News" will also reduce Japanese welfare.
Prime Minister Abe, withdrawal and abalone
Abe appears on a far right online program!
Abe is a rare answer
Abe's friend's personnel
LLL is always looking at you
Mrs. Akie Abe is an advertising tower "30 billion yen damage" identity of a suspicious company
Excavated materials related to Mrs. Akie Abe one after another
The Abe administration's fierce C "Approximation is a fabrication and the election is fair," and D, "The approval rating is fair and there is no fabrication of the election."
The Abe administration's financial estimate was still "powdered".
The Abe administration does not disclose the "Secretary -Wang Document"
Prime Minister Abe reported "Use of" Supply Plant "Derived Supplements" was reported!
There are some voices of Nano (XRB) for about 20 billion yen (XRB), and there are many voices that are doubtful of the invalid leakage, and cryptocurrencies are full of dreams (stick reading).You can't imitate a real currency, steals 10 % of the issuance volume.
Launched Bitcoin Full Node to raise awareness
Litigation on comfort women, 2,557 plaintiffs in the Asahi Shimbun Tokyo High Court, which won the second instance, were appealing, of which 62 were appealing.62 people who have money
On the other hand, Japan ...
LLL year -end party
Ami Inamura "Attacked by junior high school students" An unusual sight ... Little Baseball Tournament opening ceremony is the only scary scary scary situation in Japan.
About "KanColle" seen from the retired person
I saw Hanyu -kun's short program, but the cheers of the women who were older were too scary
Hanyu's handsome power is amazing
Hanyu retirement
Kiji Hanyu, defeated Ryuo Watanabe and the first time in history "Eternal Seven Crowns"
LISHTOT's TestDrop determines whether water can be safely drunk without contact
The British Japanese chain "Wagamama" apologizes to the employee, and the employee is self -sin.
The largest aircraft carrier in English history, immediately after the services, the flooding is detected. For passenger ships with HMS (Her Majesty's SHIP), these prefixes such as RMS and MS are quite important, but in Japanese articles.It is often omitted
Queen British, the riding comfort of a gold carriage is "terrible" and confession unusual program appears, and if you're just peeling on the spring, you'll bounce.
Because the mod is incompetent
To capture cats attack Amami animals
Shuzo Oshiumi's manga power is amazing.
Okinawa Prefectural Police "The number of crackdowns increases"
Microsoft develops artificial intelligence that generates real images from sentences -modeling the concept of people's "attention" and learning "common sense" is also found to be generated in pornography.
What about my Perrier?
I also thought about Noda Chuo Park and tried to google
The appearance of our idol, Mecha Strong Master Gabi Garcia is strange
NHK "Color of college graduate, rising significantly in recent years" [If it is a graph] 666 is ominous again
Hirofumi Shimomura, suspected of donation
I wish I had a USB on the outlet of the house, the embedded USB outlet that came true
Scientist warns!Due to the contraction of the equator, in 2018, the large earthquake doubled or the equator contraction was too shrunk and the equator did not go around!Will it look like?
NHK reception fee "Collection Dunning Tip" will be on all TVs!?
Foreign Minister Kono is hospitalized
Gray
I have an important request about Sachtorte
I'm sorry from foreign countries, but why is the tweet from the opposition side related to the Moritomo problem always covered with professional patriotism?
Introducing the Foreign Minister's exclusive aircraft = Mr. Kono "Wait for the airport at night, cannot withstand"
Outpatient Moda Chik Madake threatens the satoyama ecosystem
NPO Corporation is a meeting that makes Japan beautiful
Rakuten Books shipped late, I missed it
Do something like Amari -chan
Kishi "I apologize"
If there is hope, it is in the prole!(White eyes)
Eroha -chan is back
Rarity village
"Work style reform" full of deception.It is not permitted to introduce high -professional high -professionals that eliminate working hours regulations ( #0317 Alta) The general public will be used by Monday Tuesday and Wednesday and money, and the number of senior citizens will increase due to childbirth.
Let Civ5 English version in compulsory education (suggestion)
Saori Yoshida "Is it okay to do it?"
Yoshino Reconstruction Minister is a problem
Yoribayashi Nippo explains in detail the "How to survive from nuclear attacks"
After a long time, I tried to connect to a 360 controller and connect to a computer, but maybe the contact is broken?What's that, you can buy about three controllers I bought!
Miyamoto Musashi Musashi Dynasty Game
Kyoto University research
Communist, SNS aims to expand the party
OP has stopped thinking due to brainwashing that Japan is not so great and has only weaknesses.
The dinosaur was extinct, so it seems to be in the lyrics of FUKASE because the flowers bloomed.
Harassment, such as hiding the principal's shoes, reduced high school teachers Hokkaido: Asahi Shimbun Digital when I thought it was a digital 20s (51).
I thought it was small
Gunma prefecture strong
Although the economy is getting better, the food and drink bankruptcy is increasing!Everyone ate good food at Abenomics and everyone was fertilized!(From the nose to the frontal lobe
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, the direction of the direction of the manufacturing industry, the direction of the "flying car", is it a fictional newspaper?No, what are you really saying?Why isn't this a fictional newspaper!
Keidanren goes crazy
To present a copy of the decision document, Moritomo problem, if the Liberal Democratic and Democratic agreement is agreed minor version, there is Gyo -san.
Let's settle.How far can you forgive mayonnaise?It is impossible for something with a lot of meat and potatoes, curry or juice
After all, what is "liberal" in Japan?What kind of people?It's a straw doll
Celebration of the wedding ... I put in an appropriate old bill that I defeated at a convenience store ATM ...
Monday is a game day! Let's chat together! Splatoon 2 Fun
Research result: It seems that it was a single work that I raised Bitcoin from $ 150 to $ 1000.
The original story, Dogura Magura
Currently this kind of person's personal work is a jump man logo
Incumbent Inamine Susumu is lost
Even in modern times, I can do it with countries that are doing T4 operations
Apple, which intentionally reduced the performance of the old iPhone, is required to pay more than 100 trillion yen in a collective lawsuit
Akira Koga "I will teach you how to make forgery data for work style reforms."
I was dissatisfied with the accommodation facilities that quit 2400 volunteers just before the Olympics and nobody was gone (personal forced desire)
There is no merit even if you comment hard on Reddit.
I will travel over there, this is Azulene
I made a tea cake
Because there is a tendency to kick the red and white appearance request
I saw it in the manga of Hirohiko Araki
Japan display where more than 90 % of the country invests
UN, sea plastic garbage reduction to reduction, new organizational policy and alternative items can be put in vinyl.
From now on, go to Roppongi with a strawberry
Even now J is in a position to work with China.
The current people are "Mom is the fourth grade of elementary school"
In this era, it's Micra
SPA has not yet been fanned in the article
It is a winter Olympics confrontation with Melo Imai!
Steam AWARDS 2017 Nomination and Autumn Sale GJ, but I can't think of the game at all ...
Do you have PayPal now?
This week
A developer selling "Sky Folder" at Steam.The file will be delivered later, but if the content of the game becomes only more tragedy, it will be successful.
In October, the number of housing wearing housing housing, condominiums significantly decreased -A 72.7 % decrease from the same month in Fukuoka Prefecture
Today's manga diary I knew Zo
Today is GENAA's birthday
Today is the deadline for the Omokoro Cup, but there was a nursing student who drank my urine or made a cupcake with my own urine for the Omokoro Cup.scared.This
When I went to Matsuya today, the clerk asked me, "Is it okay?"
I saw Navy Anello
The "Escape Life Hotel" by the Secretary -General of Sagawa / National Tax Agency is an official privilege, "Where is Sagawa! Find!"
Sagawa speaks everything → ends
It was the result of TOEIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sagawa National Tax Agency's intention to resign
Sagawa National Tax Agency's Secretary -General's "Escape Shame Outing Surge"
Suspicious "fleeing life" by the Secretary of the National Tax Agency
Sagawa National Tax Agency's Secretary -General rejects again
The voice of criticism to the Secretary of State of Sagawa
What is Sagawa's false answer that he has to rewrite such a document and have to make it consistent?
Recently I'm addicted to Civ5.I can only do it on holidays because I have no time.
Writer Atwood, concerns about the "METOO" movement
The popular gaming hardware brand "MAD CATZ", which went bankrupt in March last year, was back, and the new product was unveiled soon, so I missed RAT1 in stock, so please resell it.
Takaaki Mitsuhashi is arrested by himself
I like Mie Prefecture
Mitsubishi Jet, actual machine exhibition delivery
Upper House Budget Committee
TX Tsukuba station square concerns
Mr. Ishiba to realize the Sanin Shinkansen "Single tracks should also be considered"
Former Secretary of Education Yamanaka becomes a director = Dwango
Mizuki Yamamoto's painting power #rakugaki is not good
The job is like Splackoon
TwitterJapan, treating the old man in the prostrate for complaints.
The road where Takaon Shijo had already passed
Isn't the child's smartphone dependence, a major shareholder, Apple still not App for survey request management yet?Even though my smartphone is popular
My love started with a different person. Pence's Pass is being targeted [] (#b2)
Today's fictional thread, such as all questions such as "I can't answer" and "Triple split line of the corner" in arithmetic entrance examinations.
Twitter, automatically distributed advertisements for 9900 yen per month, "Auto Promote" domestically provided!Block
Sometimes Bunshun writes an article
Self -Defense Force
Twitter "I can't answer individual cases"
Even in the Self -Defense Forces, the rank is so (about 2 classes)
When I was looking at Twitter's feminism cluster, I was excited
UNIQLO Sweat
I understand that it is a tiramisu in the URL, but the server of the Kuragenchi is too heavy and I can not see it at all.
LDP Golf Course Usage Tax Available Resolutions To Make Appearance Really Tax Reduction
Liberal Democratic Party's last conscience
UV begging
It looks really Japanese
Tobita once after returning home
Youth & 30s "Good luck! Good luck! Work style reform, Moritomo problem!"
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare and the heated tobacco also to regulate by the measures against passive smoking
The school trip is near the northern territory
Akimoto Yuri "Takebayashi" and "Compost hut" Is the male fan rapidly increasing?
Make Akita dog candy
Conditions of Judo / Uchishiba
Wake Up LLLERS Let's fly
The giant controller of the first Xbox revived this March, but there are two buttons on the right side of the surface and two bumpers?I would like 6 + 2 (menu) +2 (stick) +2 (bumper) +2 (trigger) to have 14 buttons
Discarding documents seems to be traditional in Japan
I don't donate to wikipedia (Wikipedia) I wonder if NSR is being blocked or blocked by NSR, such as "I can't sleep at night with guilt ..."but
Wikipedia's "Engel coefficient" article On February 1st, it was added that it was useless in modern times.
The reason for the popular female college student "BONSAI" is a popular reason
Female thigh photo exhibition canceled, criticized voice on Tokyo Net Uho Taomi
Anani transvestite is coming back
85%of elementary school students do not know public phone, NTT East Survey Survey Mankusa is often taken care of m (_ _) m
Like elementary school!Former Secretary -General Shigeru Ishiba is bullied within the LDP!Abe cheering book that does not reach this person with "Abe support book"
Zaif apology "I was in a state where I could buy cryptocurrency with zero yen." "Because I was sold on an exchange of a virtual currency purchased for 0 yen on an exchange."
Large hole on the surface of Lake Ogawara
Nao Kodaira, the long -awaited gold!Japan's first achievement with speed skating!Speed ​​Skating Women's 500m Olympic Records victory • R/OLYMPICS_JA No, it was early ~
Class collapse in Yuko Obuchi's son's class
Is it the last episode of a girl's end trip?
I'm scared because the original girl's end travel is likely to end
[Fanative] Tinybuild Party Bundle discount is good.I have it
Mrs. Akie's unchanged Noh weather life
Is it a feast in Yoshika Matsuoka?
[HUMBLE] "The Red Solstice" For 48 hours, free of charge has been a year -list for many years. This is grateful.
Uematsu, did you fluid by train?
The new Reddit app is better than 0ch, 2ch, 4ch, 5ch, compared to the bottom that seems to be slow.
I want a new flare
Please look forward to Professor Takahiro Suiryu, who opens up a new world
Shinkansen: Forget to open the door, leave 200 people and leave the Nagoya station conductor.
Shindake erupts
Morikawa George "Rolling Ikoufujikawa Remember" There is no seasonal word
Moritomo Gakuen trustee filed
Moritomo Document: Finance Minister Aso feels like a cockroach that greases and shines to the reason for the "difficulty in investigation"
Moritomo issue
God is the Bible & nbsp; & nbsp;
Amazon.So I can't live without shopping until I have some luggage tomorrow
When people grow up with cats from an early age, they are hard to get asthma: Denmark's research team announced
Amazon Time Sale Festival has begun
I saw a person carrying Anello backpack, so I wrote the thread
Idol group dissolution with Mito City!Is it the cause of "sexual harassment & drinking forced" for minor members?As many as 23 members graduate and withdraw in 5 years.Mito → Natto →
Mr. Kan claims to be "rewriting" instead of tampering
Japanese men in their 30s and 40s are the most obsessed with bitcoin investment in the world
World Miscellaneous Notes: U.S. Army, Most of the military dogs in most countries who have returned to military dogs who have been active on the battlefield are higher class than soldiers who operate.
World's lowest Japanese
Is there anyone who could predict that Fate would be a major?
I don't praise the praise of Yasushi Seto's transvestite, "too cute," and "evolved."。。
A 29 -year -old secretary who supports Setouchi Jakucho.Show your underwear when you wake up and say, "Is it cute?"
The coming -of -age ceremony sunny trouble, where is the president of "Hare no Hi"?
The government considers the introduction of "Shimoto tax"
Government Policy: Asahi Shimbun Digital
Voice actor Asami Shimoda announces marriage
The voice actor unit "Milky Holmes" is dissolved
Voice actor Hitomi Harada
Mariya Nishiuchi is cute
Seino Transportation
Nishino Kana is scary
Mr. Ishiba "Let's stop trickle down and make it an economic policy for personal income tax reduction and corporate tax hike."
Kawakami quantitative: CEO CTO → Director CTO demoted
Eon Kawatani "The pathological is not a weekly magazine but a world"
Open your iPhone with a clip
Mr. Seiji Maehara: "Last night, I participated in a dinner with Steven Bannon, who came to Japan.Thank you for the meaningful time!!
Maekawa was "Democratic if he could escape."
Kihei Maekawa, Deputy Secretary -General of the Public Department, Science, Science and Technology, warns the "moral" subject, is it trying to strengthen and strengthen the morality of "the national philosophy that can" divide children ".
"Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection International", which includes 12 titles recorded, will be laughed if it is a domestic release.
I bought a fully automatic espresso maker
Sumo director candidate election
Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications "Increased income is saving, mainly for younger generations"
MacOS High Sierra "Worst Bug", popular as a laptop PC among students who can log in without password (40 % to 40 % of the experience share)
Who was Son Goku?
Even with Taima Shinobu, this is not the case
Typhoon No. 2 "Samba" occurred
The Taiwanese passport will be attached to the airport otaku of the one who found it to print out the printed waste at the US Airport.
To return to the Taiwanese airport
The major summary site "My Game Bulletin" Twitter account is frozen.
I registered Pairs
Sumo Kyushu place
Do PUBG ...
It's a single track, and it's a good idea to appear in the Shinkansen of a two -car train.
Kissing a boy with a kiss or line "hugging" in the forties No disciplinary discipline Why did the female teacher act as the title?In 2: 1, male teachers have more disciplinary action
Revived in Oga / Iimori district
The earth is wonderful!
Possibility of expanding the investigation of "Abe Friends"
I praise if the Chinese newspaper does it
Tested facial recognition system operation in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China.Warning to the authorities if you are more than 300m away from the designated area??"enviable"
China "Pedestrian Priority" is strengthened
Is there an AV actress in China?
Even when studying Harimoto, what is the best table tennis in Japan, "Health in 1, 2 for 2"?Is it amazing?It's important
When I woke up in the morning, Mami was sleeping as if she was covered on me
Win10 is
Toray, quality data tampering
Is it snow in the 23 wards of Tokyo?
Mascot decision of the Tokyo Olympics!
Tokyo Olympics mascot prize money 1 million yen (tax included)
Inspired by the investigative corporate representative for alleged invitation to the Tokyo Olympics
About 48 % of Tokyo residents are estimated to be cedar pollinosis
Hideo Tokunihara
Toshiba "Reliability and sense of security" plummet in 3 years
Toshiba is not buying
TEPCO resumes in the Tokyo metropolitan area later this year
TEPCO: Well, the work is in the 5 -minute exchange
The guy that Fujii -kun had
Repelled the rushing wild boar with a hammer TIL: The great general is in Gifu
South Kyushu volcano and caldera are hot!
The Southern Hemisphere's Australian Australian, the temperature of 47.3 degrees
Is it okay to reissue Kuroda, Governor of the Bank of Japan?
Nikkei Stock Average 1100 yen or more price drops NY Market The largest decline in the past market, laughing
Nissan develops a technology that reads the driver's heart and reduces the reaction time
Japan is about to pick up
Warota has also been affected in Japan
I have returned to Japan ...
There are four seasons in Japan, so I have to snow in winter.
Japan's smartphone game "Traveling Karet", unusual hit in China
Concerns about the poverty rate of Japanese children
"Fire balls" in various parts of Japan or witnesses one after another.
"ATOK" in Japanese input, the latest version is "Monthly system" -The purchase is still good at the end, but I'm scared if it's monthly.
Japan is over ...
Why doesn't the Japanese come to the "significance of falsification of official documents"?There is an old history and "Kiki" in Japan that the "darkness" of this country is lurking ...
The Japanese government misunderstood that the casino admission fee of 2,000 yen can prevent gambling addiction
Japanese geography can be remembered by Momotetsu
The Japanese archipelago has a doss black color
Sunday is a game day!Let's chat together!At last, Zenobre 2 went up to 3 episodes, but it was a secret that the glue was a little different from 1 ...
...?The point is Skype, right?
Saving a Polish man in the Indian Ocean, drifting for 7 months with a cat
It's the year -end and New Year holidays, and let's test Mensa's IQ
MRJ, who has been delayed for 7 years, increases the number of test machines to protect the delivery date, and the opening ceremony is opened to the development acceleration with an eight -body system, and Abe Mario (with Sky Divers) Mario comes down from MRJ.
I was surprised that I was in Japan when I wondered if I had returned from Minee Ryo
It is not a Mongolian, but a custom that is allowed to divide the head (although it may be 800)
Umeda
White "I'm white" Black "I'm black" Asia has both white, black and yellow
Hakuho -san appeared in a jersey written as "Mongolian Team", and Japanese people were angry!Japan Sumo Association!
Hakuho's lift, losing if it looks bad in the rules.
Is the source of the transmission?
Announced the FOST Award given to "Research that contributed to society using games"
"Yume Nikki", which is remade 14 years after the announcement, is a fascinating world dream full of that anxiety and mystery, and it has become a terrible world now.
What is "Peyang Don"?
Minami Hamabe is "betrayed"!"Kakegurui" live -action drama!Starring cast decision!It's not a katakana only in the betting character
"Mrs. Akie hidden" or the Ministry of Finance is a lot of publicity of the "Legal Consultation Book", and I want to get acquainted with Mrs. Akie and get the unlimited tax pass, isn't it the best wallet?
It seems that Fukuoka is a small fire and grenade (Impressions of prejudice commonly on the net)
It seems that it will be deleted from the question of Representative Masamune Wada, who was in the controversy.
In Pyeongchang, the battle of "US -Japan vs North and South" begins
"Ballistic missile" warning in Hawaii, USA
US stocks are tripled uncle "US stocks are tripled"
American woman wants to marry Tetris
The US Pentagon announcement, to practical use within 5 years (DARPA)
U.S. government officials argued that "Trump exposure books are often lies."
U.S. military radio AFN stops broadcasting
Bento shop "I started selling tonkatsu for 1 yen in Twitter's project, but it's hard to buy tonkatsu only."
The lighthouse at Rumoi Port, Hokkaido collapsed ↑ Bank
Amazing Grace that I arranged for the guitar
Why I don't criticize Manga Village
My bitcoin automatic trading bot is working hard
Today's Pop Team Epic
Today's Pop Team Epic Voice Actor Prediction Thread
It's still an image of Tsutakichi -san, this person
I will dig Gnaisenau tomorrow
Isn't it a night Kamizuki?
Notice: Tokyo God Father Appreciation Party may be held on Sunday, 24th
There is nothing extra ~ ASKA in the three heart, there is nothing unnecessary ~ ・ Let's go to hitting that guy from now on ~
"NICONICO" recital, how did the local reporter see?
There are 15,000 eggs with 15,000 eggs Norway athletes, and there are occasional mistakes in translation, but it is strange that it is strange that it is strange to receive orders.
Was Mr. Wada supervised behind the scenes?
Takashi Tachibana's fainting level
Constitutional representative and Edano talks about "decision that this is time to make a line"
"(Kawabata) seemed to have driven a car almost every day and went to the center to meet a woman."
As expected Russia
I'm too greenery
For example, it seems like Mitsubishi's fuel economy fraud
Siring Netouyo Writer Junichiro Nakagawa and ordinary Japanese to withdraw Twitter
I think the MOD also understands the preciousness of the frame ...
Kagoike's home to forced auction
The former judge also questioned the Kagoike and his wife's too long detention
"Well, don't you have PS4?
Bringing a "Okusuri Notebook" will be cheaper
Please see the finished lunch box by winning the questionnaire with "Kemo Fure"
"Zoids" new series started for the first time in 12 years!
"Zoid Wild" decided to animate in the summer of 2018
It's the "Nobel Peace Prize" so you can't do anything.
"Prime Minister Abe will resign, is there no remorse?" LDP, Mr. Seiichiro Murakami, is directly in the LDP ...
"KanColle" Official Twitter, DMCA false reporting continues even after freezing
"KanColle" official Twitter is frozen
"Yoshinoya Copy Paste" After 17 years, I thought it was a copy and paste of 2channel to ask the creator in the trend word.
"Tsukimoto Country" was founded. I don't like novel but I don't like it
"Red and White" Latin Hales Ratings
"I want to be a girl" Coming out, it's easy to do!(Toshiyuki Nishida)
"Kanji in 2017" Elementary and junior high school students selected 5 "Koi" small 6 "Koi"
Is the dating technique of "Showa" effective for "Heisei"?I tried to verify the date manual | Lifestyle | Leon.jp Speaking of which, the main dinner entertainment was the hotel ...
"The Beautiful Girl in the World" Western media is six years old in Russia
"The strongest libido" and "It's okay without drinking water for a lifetime" It seems that the surprising ecology kangarunez rat is feared by the development of the northern and medium American deserts in the habitat ('・ ω ・ ｀).
Hotel owner rage, all YouTuber refused to offer to offer "free accommodation because it will be advertised"
The reality of "Nikkei average drop to 12,000 yen"
"Approximately 16 % of children in Japan are serious poverty."
"Too beautiful city council" Social Democratic Party Azusa Sato
"Sleep before dating," Aya Sugimoto proposes this way
Almost all falls in "Pyeongchang's gust", and voices of criticism
"Izakaya on weekdays, golf on holidays." The end of the "good person" who is doing it for a company for a company, I didn't want to go out today, and I received six volumes of the end of the girl's end.
Japan is drastically reduced by "Mother of the Future"
Co -star in "Akashiya Red and White"!
2017 New Year's Eve Special NHK "Red and White" Nippon Television "Gaki Make" TV Tokyo "Gourmet of Soleness"I wonder if there is no support
"Spring" "Bitcoin" etc.
The biggest game of "EVE ONLINE" broke out, explanations and watching videos gathered with ships equivalent to $ 1 million and over 6,000 people ~
"TURBO PUG DX" will be free distribution to MARCH 16th at 9am Pacific for free.Until around 02:00 Japan time on Saturday, March 17th.
"This is the shame of the world!]
"Animal Forest Pocket Camp" In the world of download rankings around the world, on the other hand, the sales are somewhat modest animal forests overseas.
"Kizuna Aai's BEAT Scramble" will be broadcast on BS Nippon Television in April!
"Shinzoyo"
"Sword Art Online Fatal Barrett" Overseas Reviews Many are a row of reviews as an example
"Please approve Kake Gakuen"
[1.5 trillion yen] If the nuclear power export to the United Kingdom loses a loss, it is decided that it will be the end of the decommissioning work to guarantee the full debt with the tax of the Japanese people ...
[BF1] This is also the deeply -sea marine is the work of their work TIL; warships are sinked by machine guns
[President of Super Con] The AI ​​Foundation with no reality is Keiyuki Yamaguchi's home Japanese singularity (laughs)
[Terger suspicion] Bitcoin price increase immediately after the new USDT is issued, anonymous report is not clear the significance of the tethers of market operation, but after all SCAM?
[Fictional newspaper] Considering the transfer to a clay board
[Shock] A rock painting depicting the "Ancient Rave Party" 2,000 years ago is found in Venezuela!
[Shock] Yukari Tamura's present is Yavai
[Advanced Private] A public and private confusion held by a year -end party at Mrs. Akie, who is full of drinking parties, "This is a TV drama or manga ... eh? Reality?!"
[Video] Christmas giant goat, what is this fate?
[Sad news]
[Sad news] Kirara Fantasia is still under emergency maintenance
[Sad news] Yui Aragaki was a reader of the summary blog
[Good news] Poop was in (`･ ω ･ ´) Poop Man
<Earthquake> Disaster prevention radio
There was a tech forcibly in Bangkok in the 1980s with "eye power".
AMD shares have grown rapidly, 8.4 % high -in reports that Intel products are defective.
In the "energy" that charges 20 rechargeable batteries one after another, a model with a watch and a USB port will be used ... this may be what I wanted, but the price is.
It is a little shocking that LGBT and foreign discrimination are not yet prohibited by the establishment of the ordinance.
Child prostitution at LINE?
NEC, next year, the reduction of 3,000 people in Japan is late to expand overseas.
WHO officially certified
If you search for GAPE with X ● Deo, it will come out as much as you want.
Oh, Kobayashi Pharmaceutical
Ah, there's Nanako
22nd Tokyo Stock Bulk Nikkei Average growth, 173 yen, and the yen is expensive, probably because of high intervention
I'm going to come
Awara Onsen Cancellation More than 11,000
I like Anzu -chan
How much Cerulean eggs
No, I know it's related to the Pyeongchang Olympics ...
No, is it an incompetent pirate party?
"Hatagami" has grown in Grandma Lion
Was it a waste to eat the skin savior "collagen"?
